{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: David Thurtle <dt433@cam.ac.uk>\
Subject: Meeting summary and action points\
Date: 8 March 2018 at 17:17:10 GMT\
To: Pearson <gmp26@cam.ac.uk>\
Cc: Gnanapragasam Vincent <vjg29@cam.ac.uk>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Dear Mike,\
\
Thank you for meeting with us on Tuesday.\
\
Apologies for the delay in getting this across to you. Below is a summary of our discussions from Tuesday and a series of action points at the bottom - the top one would be really useful as soon as possible please. Attached is the new 15 year code in the same format as the previous version.\
\
Overall presentation:\
We discussed the need for a predict logo that was both unique to prostate yet was more in accordance with the general 'predict' branding. As discussed, we had reservations about using a 'plain man' design as this may be thought of as synonymous to Prostate Cancer UK who have had no input to this, and declined to support it previously. Thank you for your designs on this which were very high quality. Our preferred one is the one attached - with horizontal 'prostate' in slightly smaller font. Would you be able to improve upon my 'abstract man' for the 'i' ? This maintains the male gender analogy, yet is more unique - and perhaps presents a perception of modernity and individualisation!?\
\
Thank you for reformatting the academic Urology Group Logo - this looks neat, and is in-keeping with the University branding more generally. Would you kindly be able to send through a high def version of this with both white font and black font for our ongoing use?\
\
Other design comments/amendments:\
- Paul took objection to the pink boxes around the variables (which disappear once an entry has been made). Perhaps this could be changed to light blue.\
- Under the line "we recommend that patients use this tool..." could we insert the line "This tool is only for use in men without metastatic disease".\
- Thanks for adding the AUG logo at the base of the page.\
- As discussed we will need to clarify with Jem whether we are okay to use the NHS logo.\
- Could 'both' gleason score and gradegroup be shown as the default.\
- The model is built around men diagnosed aged 35-95 so could we perhaps limit age to that range please.\
- Could 'comorbidity' be 'split' in to two boxes, where the second is not seen unless 1 is 'yes'... \'a01. Hospital admission in the last 2 years? Yes/No (i = this refers to any admission to hospital in the 2 years before prostate cancer diagnosis - anything related to the prostate cancer diagnosis itself should be ignored. 2. Comorbidity? (i. Tick yes if you have a history of any of the following conditions: [Insert A list all the medical conditions currently listed in the 'i' for comorbidity]).\
\
Potential Treatment-Related Side Effects\
As discussed this is a key part of the eventual model. We thought it might work best with a tab to the right of 'Icons' with the header 'Treatment Side Effects'. Then the information could be presented in a 3x3 table with 1-year or 5-year rates chosen by a tab. this would take up the whole column (ie same size as the curves or charts output. In the 3x3 table % rates of 1.'Incontinence' ("Incontinence requiring 1 or more pads per day in the last 4 weeks") 2. 'Erections' ("Erections firm enough intercourse") 3. 'Bowels' ("Bloody stools about half the time or more frequently") would be presented against the three headings of 'Conservative Management/Monitoring' 'Radical Prostatectomy (surgery)' and 'Radiotherapy'. (As per the attached word doc)\
\
Curves and tables\
Could 10- and 15-year overall survival be shown on the bar charts please (updated code attached - note this includes changes to the coefficients, not just an extension to the previous code I'm afraid.)\
We discussed the curves for a long time, about how to better convey the uncertainty around treatment effect and better explain the 'orange line' to patients.\
We will be in touch again with a 'final' opinion on this. For now could perhaps the wording be changed to: 'Estimated additional benefit of radical treatment' for the light blue area.\
\
Text & Explanations\
There are lots of things that require text and information to be added. If we could be granted access to the script we would be happy to populate the text directly.\
Particularly - could we add an 'i' beside radical treatment and conservative treatment. So that we can explain these terms.\
\
Action points:\
\
'Super'-urgent\
-Would you be able to send across the high def AUG logos and a high def version of a new predict prostate logo please (as described above) as I will put these into a poster and presentation I'm giving next week.\
\
Urgent\
-Updating the displays to show 10 and 15 year outputs (we're not interested in 5 year outcomes in PCa).\
-Addition of a treatment-related side effects section\
-A new curve design with some gradation around the estimated treatment effect. I think this would be best as an optional presentation with the current style also available as an option. We will send across some mock-ups of how we imagine it might look in the next day or so.\
\
Non-urgent\
-The other amendments mentioned above.\
-Access to the script so that I can amend/insert some text content where necessary\
\
\
As discussed it would be good to have a revised version by 6th April. It would then be great to meet with the rest of the team there to review this all together and discuss next steps.\
\
Thanks again for all your work, the site really does look great and we're very pleased with the progress made.\
\
Thanks and best regards,\
\
David\
07732097106\
\
\
\
\
-- \
Mr David Thurtle\
BMBS, BMedSci, MRCS, AFHEA\
Clinical Research Associate and Honorary Urology Registrar\
Academic Urology Group, University of Cambridge\
& Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust\
}